all right guys welcome back and it's
time for some more missions so we got
once all those capsules earlier
where is that tunnel oh that's right
right thing
oh we got Italian Africa up then they
messed up I don't know we'll figure that
out later
let's try to see what's going on you
want something
I can do that
I'll see you put some flames on it so
when those flames make everything so
much more awesome
that was easy Wow
we want another mission because that one
was really stored it was pretty awesome
summer already did that two rounds when
I'm talking I already did that too I
mean got the three y'all tell you
let's do this
do one more for real quick okay oh man I
just saw the latest episode of detail my
deaths and it was all about tricked out
said net oh man Leslie tricked out today
and my customers a new custom color so I
can impress the producers alright I can
do
first as you get an afro
boom oh I gotta do more than one
my way over there you a crown looking
good you're gonna help me out with that
paint job the new season of detail my
dents is gonna start soon
I know but never gonna give you a penny
jar man no lightning how's it going
there
did that do it
we're zero point
okay this is kind of getting frustrating
oh you know what won't figure this
mission out there cuz I haven't unlocked
yet we're gonna give this guy a mohawk
that's a cool waiting episode they'll
call it the mohawk I mean pretty it's
pretty cool wait Indian episode and
we'll tow both a pearl a mohawk off into
the sunset yeah guys this episode was
kind of different but yeah thanks for
watching and I will see you all next
time later